Fix slide display for the composed Carousel (#2478)
sumup-oss/circuit-ui: .changeset/wicked-bears-sneeze.md

> ---
> "@sumup/circuit-ui": minor
> ---
> 
> Fix the behaviour of the slide when used in the composed variation

Reviewer: ```suggestion
---
"@sumup/circuit-ui": patch
---

Fixed the display of the slides in the composed Carousel component.
```
